Let us write programs for finding addition of two matrices.
So for matrices I will take two matrices of order two by three I will directly initialize the values
that is 3 3 3 3 3 3.
So all values
I have taken same, I will take one more array B of same dimension because the addition and subtraction can be done
Only if the dimensions are same.
And here I will take all the values as one so that will be easy for us to verify our results, then i am taking
one more array C of size same two by three and this is empty.
Now for generating matrix C by adding the elements of A and B I need nested for loop.
So using nested for loop, I'll go through all the elements of C first for loop, for I assigned zero and I is less than
2 I plus plus, and one more for loop in here.
I will use j, j assign zero.
j is Less than three J plus plus
I will close these loops here.
I will say c of every i and j should be assigned with each of i and j.
Plus B of I and j, elements of A and B are the corresponding location.
I , j are added.
And the result is stored in C of i&j. after adding these two matrices I want to see the output so for output
again I need two for loop so I'll copy this and I'll paste them here.
And instead of adding I will display the elements of c matrix
cout  C[i][j] I'll give the element and between every element I need some space so let us
give a space and after the end of each row I should go to the next line that is endl, now this for loop is
for displaying C-Matrix.
And these nested for loops are for adding A and B and storing the result in C.
So after adding I should get all elements as 4 4 4.
So let us see what the output
Yeah.
And 4 4 4.
That's it.
If I want to make a program for subtracting two matrixes just here at this place,
I should make a change as minus and everything is same.
So this should become 2 2 for all the elements.
So you get all the elements has two.
So that's it.
So I have shown you addition and subtraction.
So you find out how to do multiplication of two matrices and that is a challenge for you for finding
multiplication of two matrices.